Add warning for robot (#5804)
ovh/docs: pages/hosted_private_cloud/hosted_private_cloud_powered_by_vmware/service-migration-vdc/guide.en-gb.md

> [!warning]
>
> This API call is to be executed on the old vDC (source vDC).

> > Warning ! Between 7pm and 8am, the robot does not execute. It waits 8am to work. 

Reviewer: If applicable here, maybe you should specify the time zone.

> > Warning ! Between 7pm and 8am, the robot does not execute. It waits 8am to work. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Warning ! Between 7pm and 8am, the robot does not execute. It waits until 8am to start working. 
```
